Red 3.4.13 - Changelog (#5302)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/changelog_3_4_0.rst

- The formatting of Red's console logs has been updated to make it more copy-paste friendly (:issue:`4868`, :issue:`5181`)
- Added the new native Discord timestamps in Modlog cases, ``[p]userinfo``, ``[p]serverinfo``, and ``[p]tempban`` (:issue:`5155`, :issue:`5241`)
- Added a setting for ``[p]help``'s reaction timeout (:issue:`5205`)

    This can be changed with ``[p]helpset reacttimeout`` command

- Red 3.4.13 is the first release to (finally) support Python 3.9! (:issue:`4655`, :issue:`5121`)
- Upgraded all Red's dependencies (:issue:`5121`)
- Fedora 32 is no longer supported as it has already reached end of life (:issue:`5121`)
- Fixed a bunch of errors related to the missing permissions and channels/messages no longer existing (:issue:`5109`, :issue:`5163`, :issue:`5172`, :issue:`5191`)

Admin
*****

- The ``[p]selfroleset add`` and ``[p]selfroleset remove`` commands can now be used to add multiple selfroles at once (:issue:`5237`, :issue:`5238`)

Alias
*****

- Added commands for editing existing aliases (:issue:`5108`)

Audio
*****

- Added a per-guild max volume setting (:issue:`5165`)

>     This can be changed with ``[p]audioset maxvolume`` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can be changed with the ``[p]audioset maxvolume`` command
```

- Fixed an issue with short clips being cutoff when auto-disconnect on queue end is enabled (:issue:`5158`, :issue:`5188`)
- Fixed fetching of age-restricted tracks (:issue:`5233`)
- Fixed searching of YT Music (:issue:`5233`)
- Fixed playback from SoundCloud (:issue:`5233`)
- ``[p]summon`` will now indicate that it has succeeded or failed to summon the bot (:issue:`5186`)

Cleanup
*******

- The ``[p]cleanup user`` command can now be used to clean messages of a user that is no longer in the server (:issue:`5169`)

> - All ``[p]cleanup`` command will now send a notification with number of the deleted messages that will get deleted automatically after 5 seconds (:issue:`5218`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All ``[p]cleanup`` commands will now send a notification with the number of deleted messages. The notification is deleted automatically after 5 seconds (:issue:`5218`)
```

    This can be disabled with the ``[p]cleanupset notify`` command

Downloader
**********

> - The dot character (``.``) can now be used for the repo name. No more issues with adding repositories using the commands provided by the Cog Index! (:issue:`5214`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The dot character (``.``) can now be used in repo names. No more issues with adding repositories using the commands provided by the Cog Index! (:issue:`5214`)
```

Filter
******

- Added ``[p]filter clear`` and ``[p]filter channel clear`` commands for clearing the server's/channel's filter list (:issue:`4841`, :issue:`4981`)

Mod
***

- Fixed an error with handling of temporary ban expirations while the guild is unavailable due to Discord outage (:issue:`5173`)
- The DM message from the ``[p]tempban`` command will now include the ban reason if ``[p]modset dm`` setting is enabled (:issue:`4836`, :issue:`4837`)

> - The ``[p]rename`` command will no longer permit to change nicknames of the members that are not lower in the role hierarchy from the command caller (:issue:`5187`, :issue:`5211`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``[p]rename`` command will no longer permit changing nicknames of members that are not lower in the role hierarchy than the command caller (:issue:`5187`, :issue:`5211`)
```

Streams
*******

- Fixed an issue with some YouTube streamers getting removed from stream alerts after a while (:issue:`5195`, :issue:`5223`)
- Made small optimizations in regards to stream alerts (:issue:`4968`)

Trivia
******

- Added schema validation of the custom trivia files (:issue:`4571`, :issue:`4659`)

Warnings
********

- 0 point warnings are, once again, allowed. (:issue:`5177`, :issue:`5178`)

Developer changelog
-------------------

- Added `RelativedeltaConverter` and `parse_relativedelta` to the ``redbot.core.commands`` package (:issue:`5000`)

    This converter and function return `dateutil.relativedelta.relativedelta` object that represents a relative delta.
    In addition to regular timedelta arguments, it also accepts months and years!

- Added more APIs for allowlists and blocklists (:issue:`5206`)

>     Here's the list of the methods that were added the ``bot`` object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here's the list of the methods that were added to the ``bot`` object:
```

        - `Red.add_to_blacklist() <RedBase.add_to_blacklist()>`
        - `Red.remove_from_blacklist() <RedBase.remove_from_blacklist()>`
        - `Red.get_blacklist() <RedBase.get_blacklist()>`
        - `Red.clear_blacklist() <RedBase.clear_blacklist()>`
        - `Red.add_to_whitelist() <RedBase.add_to_whitelist()>`
        - `Red.remove_from_whitelist() <RedBase.remove_from_whitelist()>`
        - `Red.get_whitelist() <RedBase.get_whitelist()>`
        - `Red.clear_whitelist() <RedBase.clear_whitelist()>`

- Added `CommandConverter` and `CogConverter` to the ``redbot.core.commands`` package (:issue:`5037`)

Documentation changes
---------------------

- Added a document about (privileged) intents and our stance regarding "public bots" (:issue:`5216`, :issue:`5221`)
- Added install instructions for Debian 11 Bullseye (:issue:`5213`, :issue:`5217`)
- Added Oracle Cloud's Always Free offering to the :ref:`host-list` (:issue:`5225`)

> - Updated the commands in install guide for Mac OS to work properly on Apple Silicon devices (:issue:`5234`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the commands in the install guide for Mac OS to work properly on Apple Silicon devices (:issue:`5234`)
```

- Fixed the examples of commands that are only available to people with the mod role (:issue:`5180`)
- Fixed few other small issues with the documentation :) (:issue:`5048`, :issue:`5092`, :issue:`5149`, :issue:`5207`, :issue:`5209`, :issue:`5215`, :issue:`5219`, :issue:`5220`)

Miscellaneous
-------------

- **Core Bot** - The console error about missing Privileged Intents stands out more now (:issue:`5184`)
- **Core Bot** - The ``[p]invite`` command will now add a tick reaction after it DMs an invite link to the user (:issue:`5184`)

> - **Downloader** - Added few missing line breaks (:issue:`5185`, :issue:`5187`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Downloader** - Added a few missing line breaks (:issue:`5185`, :issue:`5187`)
```
